Little manager, are you free to lose weight?
Your little belly is fat
People who didn't know thought you were pregnant
monkey
They're having so much fun.
Miss Shen, this is Rongshi Group Team Building
Did you come here to apologize to me?
Why should I apologize?
It's the waiter who sets you up
Not me.
You haven't changed a bit after all these years
We've done that before.
Don't see my sister and Brother Rongzhi
Now use this means against me
This time, the witnesses and physical evidence are all there
You still want to quibble
You are me
Isn't it just to understand me and Mrs. Len?
Good to be a third party
Hey, these melon seeds are so fragrant
A hundred thousand times I've told you
Before the investigation is clear
Don't appear in front of me
If you don't want to be strict
Disappear quickly
Why is it not the face that is hot?
You won't doubt me too, will you?
You were photographed by others
I can't even believe you
I asked the waiter to splash red wine
I didn't let him spill because I hated that dress
When Brother Rong married Sweet
He was wearing that dress.
He wore a dress that day just to demonstrate to me
The waiter is not a fool
Why would he splash soup when you let him splash wine?
I don't understand either.
I made it clear
It's kind of weird to think about it that way.
So many vacancies
Sweet sat next to me
And when I got up to go to the bathroom
Still entangled in sweet
It's like trying to stop me from leaving
Is it possible that after you left
Someone impersonated you
Changed instructions
Could it be that
This black pot is going to be put on Shenz's body
Joanne
Why is your belly getting bigger?
It looks like it's five or six months pregnant